[CSS] Animation - Add missing content and other edits (#20250)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/animation-duration/index.md

### Values

- `{{cssxref("&lt;time&gt;")}}`
  - : The time that an animation takes to complete one cycle. This may be specified in either seconds (`s`) or milliseconds (`ms`). The value must be positive or zero and the unit is required.

>     If no value is provided, the default value of `0s` is used, in which case the animation still executes (the animation start and end events are fired). Whether or not the animation will be visible when duration is `0s` will depend on the value of [`animation-fill-mode`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/animation-fill-mode), as explained below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If no value is provided, the default value of `0s` is used, in which case the animation still executes (the [`animationStart`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/animationstart_event) and [`animationEnd`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/animationend_event) events are fired). Whether or not the animation will be visible when the duration is `0s` will depend on the value of [`animation-fill-mode`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/animation-fill-mode), as explained below:
```
